So who do you want to die?
White Death.
Why you?
This is a great White Prince.
Open your eyes again.
First time seeing a character like that.
White appeared this time.
Do you want to go to war with the king?
It's too stimulating.
The ultimate match of two families in Kyoto
Shoot fast! Shoot fast!
The perpetrator participated in the kidnapping.
Our house has been handed over to the judiciary.
Where is Liang Uy? He has pleaded guilty.
Well done.
Sweet White.
What do you mean?
He is the head of four families in Kyoto.
You're really an actor groping in a group
Aren t you afraid of being laughed at?
Prince Qin has the posture of the emperor.
It's also the kind of cowardly little person who only plays games behind his back can you guess?
Let me know when I get back to Kyoto.
Looking for you to calculate the account?
This is the ledger I found at Wang's house.
Inside is evidence of the real culprit Wang Xuyen.
It's impossible.
My family's ledger hides secret dignity.
Moreover, there are masters of each class of handle.
How can you get it?
School friends
Now the physical witness gathering dissolves today.
It is the day of your death.